I have a full intelligence report
do it quietly
we need to keep hangman from escaping
sabotaging his boat should limit escape
options
our report indicated the cartel didn't
even and heroin it did you but the puppy
fields in the heroin behind these a
triathlete thank you
I found some kind of hidden passageway
you want us to check it out
here's the new extension let's plant the
simple
totally waiting man alive right him over
to the government
poisoning
now a drug-free zone HQ
we're in compromise
I'm man is secure
HQ we found a timetable for the heroin
shipment looks like some kind of Island
to move it out of the country
h2 we're at the extraction
well 19